Shorten procedures to configure hosts on Proxmox in WebUI (#3176)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-proxmox-details-to-a-compute-profile.adoc

. Select a Proxmox compute resource.
// FIXME: this procedure currently assumes you've selected KVM/qemu

> . In the *Type* list, select the kind of virtualization solution hosts will run on when created using this compute profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Type* list, select a virtualization options:

* **LXC container**: description
* **KVM/Qemu server**: description
```
Not sure why "Qemu" is not all caps but that is outside the scope of your PR.

Author: I don't know either, but it is:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7117024c-1383-4ffa-94cf-d447c2c2fc4d)

Applied your suggestion with "option".

In Proxmox, you can choose between *LXC container* (Linux containers) and *KVM/Qemu server* (kernel-based virtual machines).
LXC focuses more on isolating applications and reusing the host kernel.
KVM runs its own kernel and lets you boot various guest operating systems.

> . Click on the *General* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *General* tab.
```

Author: Applied.

> . In the *Node* list, select the Proxmox node you want to deploy your hosts to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Node* list, select a Proxmox node.
```
d/s usage: You select an item **from** a list.

Comment applies to similar steps in this procedure.

Author: Applied here and two more times.

> This makes sense if you run a Proxmox cluster.

Reviewer: Is this really in the documentation? Seems unnecessary. :-)

Author: Dropped.

. In the *Image* list, select an image that is available on your Proxmox compute resource.
. In the *Pool* list, select a resource allocation pool.

> . Optional: Click on *Advanced Options*, *Hardware*, *Network Interfaces*, or *Storage* and follow the {ProjectWebUI} to configure the compute profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Click *Advanced Options*, *Hardware*, *Network Interfaces*, or *Storage* to configure compute profile settings.
```
I don't think you need "follow the UI". It's obvious from the context.

Author: Yes, makes sense to me. Applied.

> . On the *Storage* tab, {Team} recommends to use either _SCSI_ or _VirtIO Block_ in the *Controller* field as the type of the disk controller of your host in Proxmox.

Reviewer: "recommends" sounds out of place in a procedure. Is there any reason not to write this as a step?

Also, the markup is strange. Is the user entering text in a field? If so, the options should be in backticks. 
If the options are list items, they should be bold.

Author: Fixed the markup.

> . On the *Storage* tab, {Team} does not recommend to use caching within Proxmox.

Reviewer: I think this requires an explanation. You might want to mention this in the intro to the procedure.

> . On the *Storage* tab, {Team} does not recommend to use caching within Proxmox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Storage* tab, {Team} does not recommend caching.
```
The procedure only applies to Proxmox, so you do not need to specify the environment.

Author: Applied.
